Java Topics:

Core Java:
	Basic Syntax:
		Data type
		variable
		constants
	
	Control Statements
	Object-Oriented Programming (OOP):
	Exception Handling:
	File Handling:
	Collections Framework:
	Multithreading:
	Unit Testing:
	Introduction to Maven
	Basic Design Patterns:
	


Advance Java

	Java Database Connectivity (JDBC):
	Java Servlets
	JavaServer Pages (JSP)
	Model-View-Controller (MVC) Architecture
	Session Management
	JavaServer Faces (JSF)
	Spring Framework
	Hibernate
	RESTful Web Services
	Design Patterns in Java
	Introduction to Microservices
	
Coding questions:

	string - repeated words, repeated character and number of ocuurense, unique words,
	java8 - filter, grouping by , to map, flat map
	Write a program to identify given number can be written as 2 power of x.
	Write a program to validate the pair of brackets are properly closed or not.
	Write a program to group the  given anagrams.
	function - predicate, bifuction, etc.., creating custom functional interface,
	can we provide implementation to lamda function by using abstact class methods.
	
	
	
	interveiw question.
	
	swagger uses and configuration in spring boot.
	
	Open API
	
	springboot project creation
	
	jdbc template using and configuring along with row mapper.
	
	onetomany annotation and fetch command.
	
	uses of @spy in junit.
	
	fail fast and fail safe - (concurrent mechanism)
	
	
	
	
	
4+ years interview questions:
	
		introduction

	which java version

	java 8 features:

	what is the use of functional interface
	if we have one abstract method in abstract class

	what is the use of stream api

	difference between stream and parallel stream

	what is the use of optional class

	How to check if the object properties are null or not?

	why i have to use optional class we can use other == also.

	what is executor service.

	have you worked on multi-threading.

	multiple inheritence having diamond problem - using default method. which default method it will call if we have same default method in different implement

	what is the use of spring cloud - how to read the properties

	what is spring cloud gateway

	how one microservie will communicate with other microservice. by which methods

	how transaction a is manage to miroservice.

			Interview Question: L1 round.
		
	Explain your project and what is the purpose of the project

	What is your day to day responsibilities and task

	Explain java8 features

	default method in interface

	Intermediate and terminal operations in java8

	How to design the api to store the viewers count using controller

	What is the singleton design pattern and how you have implemented

	How to create the custom comparator

	what is the signature of filter method

	write a program to count the repeatation of characters in the given strings using streams.

	What is the difference between spring and spring boot. uses of spring boot

	Complete steps to connect with the database using spring data jpa

	what is cyclic dependency

	what is dependency injection. setter injection is preferred or not

	what are the steps you need to follow to make a class immutable. Primarily what need to elimited in class to make immutable.

L2 interview questions:

	What are the changes in Date time api in java8 features

	Take a list remove the duplicates and sort in the reversing order

	Take a list and find the highest element

	Sorting the list by a parameter and then sort it by different parameter.

	Spring actuators and spring profile and log4j - info,debug(int values) and the levels 

	what is Transaction management and how we can implement in the code. how to roll back when transaction is failed

	Do you know Junits. what is the difference between Junit4 and Junit5. and difference between Integration test and unit test. what is mockito and power mockito. what is spy. what the use of creating spy. how to mock the private methods. what is @inject mocks

	What are the assertions. what do you know about the assert that.

	what is the process to create the rest end point. what are the mandatory annotation. what is the purpose of rest endpoint.

	what the response code do you know. what the that and when we use it.

	can i implement the get functionality by creating delete api/annotation?

	what are one to one mappings and many to many mappings.

	what you doing environment management for calling the different services. 
 
	what is the fault tolerance. do you know about the api gateway.

	if we want to create in-house pure object oriented programming language. what are the step you need to follow.

	Tell me about the agile flow. what is the process. from spring planning, daily stand-up, scrum,kan-ban, what you are using JIRA,git 

	what is the use of spring dev tools



	@transacional

	if there is a problem in other inventory service. for getting

	injecting properties with the bean. 
	reading entire property file.

	what is the property class.

	what is the diff bwt jdbc and JPA

	what are the memories present in JVM. what is heap and stack memory.


Practising concepts:
	
	
	Rate Limiting
	
	Circuit break
	
	OpenAPI
	
	Storage
	
	
	Today's Tasks:
	
	Microservices architecture
	
	Feign client
	
	caching - by using radis cache
	
	Docker and kubernetes
	
	
	
	Difference between spring and spring boot
	
	What are the terminal and intermediate operations in java8
	
	How to achieve multi thread. Different ways
	
	OOPS
	
	using  lamda expression to assign to functional interface
	
	Difference between Heap memory and stack memory.
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	