
 Accenture Virtual Round -1
	
	
	what are buckets in map
	how we create custom queries

	what is the use of native query =true. what happen if we pass false
	program to determine wheather a number can be converted as 2 power x or not
	what are actuators in java
	what are views
	what is autowired annotation used
	what is the difference between string, string buffer and string builder
	what is compile time and run time polymorphism
	
	
	
	do you worked on microservices
	do you worked on design patterns
	do you worked on hibernate
	
	
Telephonic Round Questions: 
	
	Explain about the project
	
	What is the JPA
	
	What is the singleton class
	
	What is lazy loading and eager loading in java
	
	what is the annotation @Autowire, @qualifier
	
	what is the use of @component and @configuration
	
	explain about concurrent modification exception.
	
	explain the difference between Primary key and Unique key
	
Accenture Virtual round -2:

	What is Functional interface
	
	How lamba expression is used for interface
	
	What are the method used in strream function
	
	What is optional class
	
	What is the internal working of multiValue map, map.
	
	What is the difference between the map and hashmap, linkedhashmap
	
	How to configure bean in spring mvc
	
	can we create spring boot application without using @springbootapplication annotation
	
	Explain spring bean life cycle
	
	
Accenture Virtual interview L-1: project 2

	Accenture Question: L1:
	
	Write the Singleton Desing program?. explain in detail why is was written so and what happen if not written so.
	
	can we add the class as final in singleton design. why we use private constructor, public and static factory method.
	
	explain about the try catch mechanism for below code. 
	
						try{
			System.out.println("Try");
			int i=100/0;
			return 1;
		}
		catch(RuntimeException e){
			System.out.println("Catch");
			return 2;
		}
		finally {
			System.out.println("finally");
			return 3;
		}
		
		
	Using method overloading and overriding example with different scenarios. like same method signature and same name in same class and so on.
	
	
	
	What is the difference between Primary Key and Unique Key
	
	What if we replace @Controller annotation with @Component?, similarly Replacing @Repository, @Service with @Component?
	
	consider table A has 20 rows and table B has 30 rows . select * from A,B  sql query what is the output of this.  
	
	
	
Capgemini Hyderabad Location :
	 
Written Test questions:
		
		
	Sql select queries and update query.
	
	what are the messages for status codes 100,101,102,200,201,202,300,301,302,400,401,402.
	
	
	
Capgemini F2F L-1: Questions
	
	
	How many ways we can create the thread and how we can run the thread
	
	What is the difference between spring and spring boot
	
	What is @autowired annotation used in spring boot.
	
	how to compare the elements in two different list.
	
	explain about the try catch mechanism in java
	
	how to configure the database in spring boot
	
	what is fault tolerance in microservices
	
	what is circuit breakers
	
	explain about the microservices
	
	explain about the spring boot architecture
	
	How internally hashmap will store the data.
	
	What is the difference between list and set.
	
	what are the java8 features.
	
	
	what is streams
	
	What is marker interface
	
	Explain about the singleton design pattern and how we construct it.
	
	
	
	
Capgemini F2F L-2: Questions
	
	What is half-open, open and close state in circuit breakers
	
	how to call one service from other service.
	
	explain about the resttemplate and feign client. what are the differences between them. Is this a asynchronous or synchronous process
	
	write a program to find the 3 largest element in the list using streams.
	
	
Capgemini chennai location L-1 questions:
	
	What is spring actuators
	
	what is dynamic binding
	
	explain about the aggregation and composition in java
	
	Write a program to find the count of the repeated letters in the given string
	
	what are the annotations used on spring boot and explain
	
	what is set interface
	
	how many microservices you have used in your project.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


Need to work on below questions:

	What is the difference between comparator and comparable?
	
	What is the difference between collection, Collection and Collections in java?
	
	\